Add Base Web to React Component Libraries (#1036)
enaqx/awesome-react: README.md

- [reakit](https://github.com/reakit/reakit) - Accessible, Composable and Customizable components for React
- [rsuite](https://github.com/rsuite/rsuite) - A suite of React components
- [atlaskit](https://bitbucket.org/atlassian/atlaskit-mk-2) - Atlassian's official UI library, built according to the Atlassian Design Guidelines.

> - [baseweb](https://baseweb.design/) - Base Web is a foundation for initiating, evolving, and unifying web products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [baseweb](https://github.com/uber/baseweb) - Base Web is a foundation for initiating, evolving, and unifying web products.
```
